************* Analisis Lexico ************
palabraReservada -> void
identificador -> triangulo
parentesisAbierto -> (
palabraReservada -> int
identificador -> lineas
coma -> ,
palabraReservada -> char
identificador -> caracter
parentesisCerrado -> )
puntoYcoma -> ;
palabraReservada -> void
palabraReservada -> main
parentesisAbierto -> (
parentesisCerrado -> )
llaveAbierta -> {
identificador -> triangulo
parentesisAbierto -> (
Entero -> 3
coma -> ,
comillaSimple -> '
identificador -> a
comillaSimple -> '
parentesisCerrado -> )
puntoYcoma -> ;
palabraReservada -> getch
parentesisAbierto -> (
parentesisCerrado -> )
puntoYcoma -> ;
llaveCerrada -> }
palabraReservada -> void
identificador -> triangulo
parentesisAbierto -> (
palabraReservada -> int
identificador -> lineas
coma -> ,
palabraReservada -> char
identificador -> caracter
parentesisCerrado -> )
llaveAbierta -> {
palabraReservada -> int
identificador -> i
coma -> ,
identificador -> j
puntoYcoma -> ;
palabraReservada -> for
parentesisAbierto -> (
identificador -> j
igual -> =
Entero -> 0
puntoYcoma -> ;
identificador -> j
menorQue -> <
identificador -> lineas
puntoYcoma -> ;
identificador -> j
suma -> +
suma -> +
parentesisCerrado -> )
llaveAbierta -> {
palabraReservada -> for
parentesisAbierto -> (
identificador -> i
igual -> =
Entero -> 0
puntoYcoma -> ;
identificador -> i
menorQue -> <
identificador -> j
puntoYcoma -> ;
identificador -> i
suma -> +
suma -> +
parentesisCerrado -> )
palabraReservada -> printf
parentesisAbierto -> (
comillasDobles -> "
comillasDobles -> "
parentesisCerrado -> )
puntoYcoma -> ;
palabraReservada -> for
parentesisAbierto -> (
identificador -> i
igual -> =
identificador -> lineas
puntoYcoma -> ;
identificador -> i
mayorQue -> >
identificador -> j
puntoYcoma -> ;
identificador -> i
resta -> -
resta -> -
parentesisCerrado -> )
palabraReservada -> printf
parentesisAbierto -> (
comillasDobles -> "
comillasDobles -> "
coma -> ,
identificador -> caracter
parentesisCerrado -> )
puntoYcoma -> ;
palabraReservada -> printf
parentesisAbierto -> (
comillasDobles -> "
comillasDobles -> "
parentesisCerrado -> )
puntoYcoma -> ;
llaveCerrada -> }
palabraReservada -> return
puntoYcoma -> ;
llaveCerrada -> }

